Peggy 18
I got offered over the phone for my
agents they said all they want to do in
narration and I said cool when the first
time the script came I found it very
shallow
I felt the action was there I felt the
storyline was there the development of
the character he was almost humanoid
rather than being human and they said
well talked to us and that's and we
basically rebuilt a bit of Sam's
character that was the very first game I
think what's different about what we're
doing on this title is we're combining
face body and voice and we're doing so
in an alive volume with as many
characters as we need we're not layering
it we're not we're not we're not adding
voice later it's a fully demanding
character now it's a fully demanding
process physical we needed somebody that
could bring the physicality to the
dialogue meaning it needs to be captured
at the same time so we needed to have
breath eNOS we need to have exertion we
needed to have off Mike on Mike really
to make it feel real and there so Eric
because of all of TV and film experience
could walk right into this and plug in
physically perfect perfectly physique
great height and body that match our
skeleton and you know in physically fit
so that I can just bring in a stunt
coordinator and get him to do a lot of
the action Kevin who we have as the
stunt double is is really a real-life
Sam Fisher he's amazing and so any
chance I get to work with him in terms
of right way to move and right way to
hold the weapons just that's sort of
elite
covert ops physicality has just been
awesome working with Eric makes
directing really easy it feels like he's
perfect memory because every time I go
onto said I never see him carrying a
script so I've never seen I've never met
somebody who's more off-book he's got
chops as an actor
the point is has given himself
permission to be organically correct to
be ok he doesn't he's not trying to be
my client side he's not trying to be a
Sam Fisher for the past he's got
something that's marketable you know and
he's good at what he does he's not here
by mistake man's good actor
the fans of Splinter Cell are going to
be very pleasantly surprised when they
play this game weird taking things to a
whole new level not just the technology
of how we're doing it but these stories
are intense and we're doing things that
Sam Fisher has never done before so I
hope you I hope you stay tuned because
we're having a lot of fun doing it
sounds big
you